Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/architecture.rst

Planes
======

> Flyte components are separated into 3 logical planes. The planes are summarized here and explained in detail below. The goal is that these planes can be replaced by an alternate implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flyte components are separated into 3 logical planes. The planes are summarized and explained in detail below. The goal is that these planes can be replaced by alternate implementations.
```
